<h2>What are the Panamax Public Templates?&nbsp;</h2>
<p>The <a href="https://github.com/CenturyLinkLabs/panamax-public-templates">Panamax Public Template repository </a> contains Panamax templates available to all users of Panamax. They have been crafted with certain standards for the image and template, to<span style="line-height: 1.4285715;">&nbsp;ensure their functionality. Learn more about what we think makes a good image and template.</span></p>
<h2>What we think makes a good image ( WIP)</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Size matters!</strong>&nbsp;- See <a href="http://www.centurylinklabs.com/optimizing-docker-images/">Brian DeHamer's blog post</a> on great ways to keep your image under control. He section on chaining commands is worth the read! You'd be surprise how unwieldy an image can get! Downloading 200MB vs. 2GB is a BIG difference on time and needed storage space.</li>
<li><strong>Know your sources!</strong> &nbsp;- Its good to use official images from Docker when you can<span style="line-height: 1.4285715;">, however they tend not to always publish a Dockerfile and you'll need to hunt for the repo and srouce (many of the official images can be found here <a href="https://github.com/docker-library">https://github.com/docker-library</a>). Always a good idea to look at the project repo directly to see what exactly is in it and if its right for you as a starting point.</span></li>
<li><strong>Be specific!</strong> - When creating your own image, try to be as specific as you can when it comes to applications or packages. This gives you more control of the functionality of the image and give a better success rate if someone takes your image and tries to build it themselves. You don't want to get latest of an app only to have it work when you pulled it but breaks a couple months later due to an incompatibility. &nbsp;Opt for a specific version rather than just 'stable'. Image creation should also be about reliability and consistency.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Avoid too many supporting files</strong> - if you can get the script information in <code>RUN</code>&nbsp;commands, do so. It is not always necessary to have supporting files if you leverage the full compliment of commands in a docker file. <code><a href="https://docs.docker.com/reference/builder/#entrypoint">ENTRYPOINT</a></code>&nbsp;and <code><a href="https://docs.docker.com/reference/builder/#onbuild">ONBUILD</a></code>&nbsp;are some powerful (and under utilized) commands.&nbsp;If scripts are used, avoid hardcoding environmental variables or referencing the link generated environmental variables that need the alias name. This avoids making the image too rigid and which can limit its reusability.</li>
<li><strong>Be flexible!</strong> - Panamax allow you to define port expose (--expose), port binding (-p), volumes (-v), and environmental variables (-e) and even commands, directly in the UI and lets you save them in a template for future use. This give more flexibility rather than need to specifying that into your Dockerfile. If you <code>EXPOSE 80</code>&nbsp;in a Dockerfile, that image has it permanently (as well as any images generated referencing the image with <code>FROM</code>!)</li>
<li><strong>Know its History!</strong> - If you use <code>FROM</code>&nbsp;in your docker file, its going to come with some baggage. Everything from ports, environmental variables, volumes and the CMD can be propagated down to your image. Your image could be the last in line of serval references. Always best to do you homework on exactly what you are inheriting. <code>docker inspect &lt;image_ID&gt;</code>&nbsp;can you give you those details but doesn't give you insight into how an image was constructed, especially if its doesn't have a published docker file.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Publish your Dockerfile! - </strong>The<strong>&nbsp;</strong>Docker Hub has a lot of goodness, but one badness is that Dockerfile are not always published, making the image construction a black hole. Here at CenturyLinkLabs, we always publish our Dockerfile and supporting files into a Github repo and then link it to Docker hub using their automated builds feature. If you find an image with no Dockerfile, check out&nbsp;<a href="https://registry.hub.docker.com/u/centurylink/dockerfile-from-image/">Brian DeHamer's dockerfile-from-image&nbsp;</a>as&nbsp;a great tool to reverse engineer an image.</li>
<li><strong>Clone or tarball?</strong>&nbsp;- (discuss prop and cons about cling a repo rather than using an actual file in your image)</li>
<li>Understand linking</li></ul>
<h2>What we think makes a good template. (WIP)</h2>
<div>
<ul>
<li><strong>Documentation is essential! </strong>We generally break our documentation down to a few sections : System Requirements - How much horsepower will it need? Setup - Do environmental variables need to be added? Post-Run Instructions - Is an username and password needed to access the app? Resources - Have a blog about your template?</li>
<li><span><strong style="line-height: 1.4285715;">Be specific, again!</strong><span style="line-height: 1.4285715;"> We try to avoid the 'latest' tag when we can for the images we&nbsp;</span>reference<span style="line-height: 1.4285715;">&nbsp;in our templates. This cuts down on unexpected changes that could break your app.</span></span></li>
<li><span style="line-height: 1.4285715;"><strong>Whats in a name?</strong>&nbsp;Make sure you name and description describes your template well. We use this for searching and lets others know what your app provided.</span></li>
<li><strong>Use the power of Panamax!</strong>&nbsp;Avoid hardcoded docker specifics in your images. The power of panamax is the ability to make these configurations flexible.&nbsp;<br /><br /></li></ul></div>
<h2>Submit a Template!</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Step 1)</strong>&nbsp;Fork the official&nbsp;the official Panamax Template Repository from&nbsp;<a href="https://github.com/CenturyLinkLabs/panamax-public-templates">https://github.com/CenturyLinkLabs/panamax-public-templates</a>&nbsp;to your personal GitHub account</li>
<li><strong>Step 2)</strong> Press &quot;Save as Template&quot; for your new application and save your template to your forked panamax-public-templates repository</li>
<li><strong>Step 3)</strong> Once your template is ready, go to GitHub and submit a pull request from your forked panamax-public-templates repository.&nbsp;</li></ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>